are you surprised it besides you know
the Lakers having you know the top spot
are you surprised at how crazy and how
tight the Western Conference is right
now I mean I the other get at the other
day I didn't realize it was that or was
that tight like a team's so that means
when the playoffs get here it's gonna be
really crazy uh mean for them yeah owner
of us I think we do us what we have to
do maybe it'd be fun that's okay you
went flying into the scorers table last
night yeah it was um it's hustle you
know I did yeah well all season I think
the person with the whole season guy
carried over to the playoffs and power
actually even took it a step further
than actually do you know I saw happen
but I know he would have football again
if you had your way difference i passed
v1 they took the bestest remaining games
would really say yeah you can touch more
valuable than just keep turning it
depends if you if you have you heard
then you have you not heard you know you
might as well play but if you got any
nagging injuries anything like that you
know that you gotta read the rest soon
as you different I mean just the T
versus your movie fatigue I that's night
that's a little bit at is that injury
but that's a as a factor too so if your
little fatigued oh you need a break in
here but if you don't need it then it's
no nothing it's not necessary I don't
you feel it was born take a game-by-game
you know has not known 11 I'm not having
with all about it still yes long
practice after the best
we practice all the time at the back to
backs on you get in to the city and we
go ready to practice you know practice
go back to back and then practice again
so kind of you know Coach God is used to
it Steve Lance kind of saying on the air
that he was going to talk to you about
the thing bill pursued did he ever oh
you got you got I'm good yeah coffee I
was his coffee it was a tea it was his
tea yeah yeah so never see you about it
bill because this team my shoes that
look similar to charge him yeah
you